---
categories: fedora, selenium, rube, infrastructure
date: 2013/03/25 15:00:00
permalink: http://threebean.org/blog/rube
title: Rube → Selenium tests for Fedora Infrastructure
---

Sometime last week, we updated all the packages in our `staging environment
<http://infrastructure.fedoraproject.org/infra/docs/staging-infra.txt>`_.
Our theory goes: we do it in staging first; if it works, then do it in
production.  After executing that update, we let it sit for a few
hours and then asked:  "Is everything working?"  Well, nothing fell
down (that we could see).

Since `fedmsg <http://fedmsg.com>`_ has come
online, we know from watching the ``#fedora-fedmsg`` irc logs that
practically noone uses the staging environment for anything.
On a hunch, I went and tried to flex a few features of our webapps: a
little of this, a little of that.  I tried logging into the wiki
and **boom**:  a 500 error.

So, that's a problem.

In response, I wrote `Rube <https://github.com/fedora-infra/rube>`_ which uses
`selenium <http://docs.seleniumhq.org/>`_ to open up Firefox and run ~30
automated tests against our services in staging.  That's a good thing.  For
you, it means the infrastructure team won't break stuff you use as often.
For us, it means we can stress out less and spend more time making more
awesome.

Big thanks to `lmacken <http://github.com/lmacken>`_,
`decause <https://github.com/decause/>`_ and
`relrod <https://github.com/codeblock>`_ who contributed code and energy.
It can still use more tests cases, so if you have one in mind please
contribute!
